Created modular glossary & key concepts (#181)
validmind/documentation: site/about/glossary/_mrm.qmd

2nd line of defense
: An independent oversight function that provides a governance framework for the model lifecycle. As the 2nd line of defense, model validators must independently validate and challenge models created by model developers to ensure that model risk management principles are followed. 

3rd line of defense
: Typically an internal audit function responsible for providing an independent and comprehensive review of the risk management processes and controls that the first two lines have implemented. 

model developer
: Responsible for the design, implementation, and maintenance of models to ensure they are fit-for-purpose, accurate, and aligned with business requirements. As subject matter experts, they collaborate with model validators and other business units, ensuring the models are conceptually sound and robust. 

model governance
: A framework of policies, procedures, and standards established to oversee the lifecycle of models within an organization. Ensures that models are developed, validated, implemented, and retired in a controlled and consistent manner, promoting accountability, transparency, and adherence to regulatory requirements.

model implementation

> : A collaborative effort among model developers, model owners, and model users. Model implementation includes a formalized implementation plan and associated procedures, a review of results, and a record of model change procedures. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A collaborative effort among model developers and model owners. Model implementation includes a formalized implementation plan and associated procedures, a review of results, and a record of model change procedures. 
```

Not sure how often model users would be involved in the model development but I think it's perhaps less common than suggested here. E.g. a mortgage specialist at a large financial institution would be a model user but likely would not be involved in the development of the model.

Author: This is something that is brought up in the Intro to MRM book, but I also can't attest to its accuracy!

model owner

> : Responsible for coordinating model development, model implementation, ongoing model monitoring and maintaining the model’s administration (e.g. model documentation and model risk reporting).

Reviewer: > the model’s administration (e.g. model documentation and model risk reporting)

Could you maybe break up this sentence, avoid the brackets and make the second sentence more about lifecycle management of the model? As is, this read slightly oddly, though I couldn't quite tell you why.

Author: ```suggestion
: Responsible for coordinating model development, model implementation, ongoing model monitoring and maintaining the model’s administration, such as model documentation and model risk reporting.
```

model user
: Those who rely on the model’s outputs to inform business decisions. 

model validation
: A systematic process to evaluate and verify that a model is performing as intended, accurately represents the phenomena it is designed to capture, and is appropriate for its specified purpose. This assessment encompasses a review of the model's conceptual soundness, data integrity, calibration, and performance outcomes, as well as testing against out-of-sample datasets. 
    
    - Within model risk management, model validation ensures that potential risks associated with model errors, misuse, or misunderstanding are identified and mitigated.

model validator

> : responsible for conducting independent assessments of models to ensure their accuracy, reliability, and appropriateness for intended purposes. The role involves evaluating a model's conceptual soundness, data integrity, calibration methods, and overall performance, typically using out-of-sample datasets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Responsible for conducting independent assessments of models to ensure their accuracy, reliability, and appropriateness for intended purposes. The role involves evaluating a model's conceptual soundness, data integrity, calibration methods, and overall performance, typically using out-of-sample datasets. 
```

    - Model validators identify potential risks and weaknesses, ensuring that models within an organization meet established standards and regulatory requirements, and provide recommendations to model developers for improvements or modifications.

three lines of defense

> : A structured approach to model risk management, consisting of three independent functions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A structured approach to model risk management, consisting of three independent functions:
```

Lead-in sentences directly preceding a list should end in `:`.
